Update all markdown templates (#131)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: national-resources/TEMPLATE_resources.md

    url:
    registry:
      biotools: <!--- DELETE ME if not needed --->
      fairsharing: <!--- DELETE ME if not needed --->
      tess: <!--- DELETE ME if not needed --->
# More information on how to fill in this metadata section can be found here https://www.infectious-diseases-toolkit.org/contribute/page-metadata
---

<!-- Please take in mind our style guide https://www.infectious-diseases-toolkit.org/contribute/style_guide when writing the content of this page. -->

<!---All the resources added above will appear on the table at the bottom of the page--->

<!---Following information for the page text--->
<!---If the information is already in another resource, please include the link instead of duplicating information--->
<!---Please focus on resources that are relevant for the whole country for infectious diseases--->

## Introduction 
<!---General Infectious diseases data considerations for your country--->

## Health authorities
<!--- A section to list and provide context to agencies/authorities/institutions which define public health measures and policies --->

## Disease surveillance initiatives

## Dashboards and visualization platforms

## National data sources

> <!--- A section to list and provide context to national data sources. Data source as defined in BY-COVID --->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--- A section to list and provide context to national data sources.  In the context of BY-COVID, a data source can be a repository which should include at least the metadata and ideally the data, that might not be directly available when considering sensitive data. Also, repositories should have the capacity to share this data and therefore have a governance model in place on how to do it. It can also include registries of data sources important for the field, with a direct link to the original data sources to be able to request access to the data. --->
```

Based on the input from Laura in #134
